How dare you extend your black hand to the people of the Dragon Kingdom
Queen, please forgive me
I actually rule the world by the power of Norse death
Death Who Conquered the Kingdom
That stinky mouse
As long as he dares to come out of the mouse hole
I will send him to hell sooner or later
Lord Death is about to become a saint
I'm not his poison beast
Death is about to rule the world
If you surrender now
Can save my life
Otherwise
Lord Death is angry
You will surely die from the place of burial
How dare you threaten me with death?
I'll make an appointment with the Emperor
Evil people don't deserve to live
You are really a king
Is something wrong? I heard your legend
Grandpa has always liked you
Admire you
I didn't expect to see your real person today
It's alright, let's go home
One Emperor, etc
Is there anything else?
Can I have a leaf?
Master Huang, is your contact information?
No, I don't like connecting with people.
Lord Ye Huang
I would like to ask you to reconsider.
I am the richest daughter of the Dragon Kingdom
You are the first beautiful woman in Dragon Kingdom
I think
Only I can match you in the whole dragon country
As long as you nod
I would like to marry you as my wife